{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Documentation for Users:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 What is our app?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 GetTogether is an app that helps students connect and enjoy activities together. It's easy and quick to use, and takes the work out of arranging meetups with your peers. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Instructions for Download and Installation:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The APK can be obtained in the User GitHub repository [here]. After the APK is downloaded, check for the file in your device by following the path My Files > Installation Files > Downloads. Click to download the APK, and there will be a prompt notifying the user that the device is set to block installation of apps obtained from unknown sources. To bypass this, go to Settings, then switch Unknown Sources to \'93ON.\'94 This can be switched back off at any time through the Security Settings of the device, but it will need to be switched on for the installation of this app. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Then, the device will provide an option to begin installation. To proceed, select \'93INSTALL\'94 at the bottom of the page. The app will then install. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 How to Use GetTogether:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 After you log into your account (this is not doable at this point, you can proceed without registering or signing in), you are presented with the option of either creating an \'93event\'94 or joining an event.\'94 If you want to create an event, you will be directed to a short form so that anyone who wants to join your event will know the time, place, and what the event actually is. From there, or directly after you choose to \'93Join Event,\'94 you will be directed to a map which displays all the events in your area. Google Maps makes locating these events, which will be displayed as pins, simple and familiar.
\f1\fs24 \
}